I didn't expect to meet you today.
Thank you so much for my dad
If it weren't for you today
My dad may not even make it to the hospital
No effort
By the way, how is he doing?
Although he went to the hospital
He's still in intensive care.
Oh, right.
You are here today
I'm here to help my parents move
Really? That's great.
From then on, we were neighbors.
Son son mother
I feel that this little girl is quite nice
A grateful child yeah yeah
Much better than that Guo Jing
Can you speak?
It's really that pot that can't be mentioned
Okay, okay, don't talk about it, don't mention it
Tomorrow I will go to Guo Jincao without talking
Let's go
Guo Jun is waiting for me to see him
What are you doing here?
Don't get out of here
My daughter is getting married today
You're too expensive to get married
Who to marry
Let him come out and explain it to me